# PetLovers
A project for all pet lovers in the world
Hello! The Pet Lovers project is strictly for people who want a better life for pets. Based on the research done by the founder of this project, dariusBW, it was found that 8 out of 10 animals end up abandoned in the desert or end up crushed under cars or road trains. Currently we have designed a roadmap on our site (currently unavailable due to the provider) through which we intend to add a certificate of ownership to each person who wants to own a pet. We will propose to vote on a bill to foundations and governments from almost all over the world, but at the moment we do not have enough charitable participants (currently) in this project. We have to appeal to the community of animal lovers who want to implement these rules to fix the problem that the whole world is facing. Some of the objectives of this project are:
Supporting the adoption of animals by the state to free shelter centers paid for by NGOs or even by the state
The obligation that man has and assumes through contact for the animal to be vaccinated and to ensure what is strictly necessary for the long life of the animal.
Periodic check-up at the veterinarian, also established by contract, in case the animal suffers or has had / has a disease that requires supervision. These are some of the goals we want to achieve by the end of 2022. In case you are wondering what we gain from these things and deeds, we gain our status as OM. We can't leave our pet abandoned or mistreat it! We need rules because it is a soul, not an object! Therefore, as a reward for those who are skeptical about this project, we will create a digital currency that will be supported by people who manage to do good to animals. The more we do the better for the animals, the more the knots will run on the blockchain platform, which will be produced by these seafaring people. Subsequently, around 2025, we intend to adopt a currency for animal lovers that can be used for animal care purposes, such as Pet Shops, Pet toys, Pet food and many others. We invite you to be with us in this unique project in the world and which will bring an extra value to the man of another time.
